Your AI Agent can read more context and still lose the signal.
Anthropic calls context a finite attention budget: as the window grows, the next important signal can lose strength.
That means a longer prompt can confidently follow old details instead of today's goal.
In one minute, you'll learn the fix.
Build one six-part high-signal context pack: outcome, operating rules, tool map, canonical examples, retrieval index, and working state.
Now watch the budget.
Raw history fills the window, but the target shrinks.
Replace that pile with current constraints and live evidence.
The knowledge is not deleted; it waits outside the active window, ready to return when relevant.
The goal stays dominant.
Retrieve details only when the next decision needs them.
Each AI Agent step keeps four things visible: goal, constraints, evidence, and current state.
Everything else stays outside until its signal matters.